README.md, before:

# ts-react-boilerplate

[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/crazyfactory/ts-react-boilerplate.svg?token=817c7964cfab1973415f903cc9bde50f4d9ea8d7fe44c1b0e722569f0c99438d)](https://greenkeeper.io/)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/crazyfactory/ts-react-boilerplate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/crazyfactory/ts-react-boilerplate)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/crazyfactory/ts-react-boilerplate.svg)](https://david-dm.org/crazyfactory/ts-react-boilerplate)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/crazyfactory/ts-react-boilerplate/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/crazyfactory/ts-react-boilerplate?type=dev)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/crazyfactory/ts-react-boilerplate.svg)](https://github.com/crazyfactory/ts-react-boilerplate/issues)
___

##### Based on [Vortigern](https://github.com/barbar/vortigern)

[![TypeScript](./.github/typescript.png)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![React](./.github/react.png)](https://github.com/facebook/react)
[![Redux](./.github/redux.png)](https://github.com/reactjs/redux)

## Libraries
This boilerplate uses the following libraries and tools:

#### Core
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [React](https://github.com/facebook/react) & [React DOM](https://github.com/facebook/react) for views.
- [Router5](https://github.com/router5) handles in-app routing.
- [Redux](https://github.com/reactjs/redux) manages application state.
- [React Redux](https://github.com/reactjs/react-redux) to use React-Redux bindings.
- [React Router5](https://github.com/router5) & [Redux-Router5](https://github.com/router5) integrate router5 with react
and redux.

#### Utilities
- [Reselect](https://github.com/reduxjs/reselect/) computes derived data, allowing Redux to store the minimal possible
state.
- [Redux Saga](https://github.com/redux-saga/redux-saga) makes side effects (i.e. asynchronous things like data fetching
and impure things like accessing the browser cache) in React/Redux applications easier and better.
- [Isomorphic Fetch](https://github.com/matthew-andrews/isomorphic-fetch) with
[ES6-Promise](https://github.com/stefanpenner/es6-promise) for using fetch api on both client & server side.
- [React Helmet](https://github.com/nfl/react-helmet)
- [Sentry Browser](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript) captures exceptions during run time.
- [TypeStyle](https://github.com/typestyle/typestyle) makes css typesafe.

#### Build System
- [Webpack](https://github.com/webpack/webpack) for bundling.
  - [TS Loader](https://github.com/TypeStrong/ts-loader) as ts loader.
  - [React Hot Loader](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader) provides hot reload capability to our development
  server
  - [File Loader](https://github.com/webpack/file-loader)
  - [URL Loader](https://github.com/webpack/url-loader)
  - [Manifest Plugin](https://github.com/danethurber/webpack-manifest-plugin)
  - [TS Lint Loader](https://github.com/wbuchwalter/tslint-loader) for using tslint as preloader on build process.

#### Dev & Prod Server
- [Webpack Dev Middleware](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-middleware)
- [Webpack Hot Middleware](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-hot-middleware)
- [Express](https://github.com/expressjs/express) for running server both on client and server side.
- [Serve Favicon](https://github.com/expressjs/serve-favicon) for serving favicon.

#### Developer Experience
- [ESLint](https://github.com/eslint/eslint) for linting.
- [Typescript ESLint](https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint) enables ESLint to support TypeScript.
- [Redux Logger](https://github.com/theaqua/redux-logger)
- [Redux DevTools](https://github.com/gaearon/redux-devtools)
- [Chalk](https://github.com/chalk/chalk) for colored terminal logs.

#### Testing
- [Jest](https://github.com/facebook/jest) as test runner.
- [TS Jest](https://github.com/kulshekhar/ts-jest) as Jest preprocessor
- [Enzyme](https://github.com/airbnb/enzyme) for rendering React Components.
- [Jest Enzyme](https://github.com/blainekasten/enzyme-matchers) for asserting React Components.

#### Doc
- [Storybook](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook) - UI component dev & test: React and more.

## Directory Structure
```bash
.
├── build                       # Built, ready to serve app.
├── config                      # Root folder for configurations.
│   ├── types                   # Global type definitions, written by us.
│   ├── utils                   # Utils for config.
│   ├── webpack                 # Webpack configurations.
│   ├── index.js                # Combines main.js and main.local.js
│   ├── main.js                 # Default App configurations.
│   └── main.local.js           # Local App configurations.
├── node_modules                # Node Packages.
├── src                         # Source code.
│   ├── app                     # App folder.
│   │ ├── components            # Unconnected Components.
│   │ ├── constants             # Constants that are used throughout project like Color and FontSize
│   │ ├── containers            # Redux-Connected Components.
│   │ ├── helpers               # Helper Functions.
│   │ ├── images                # Images folder.
│   │ ├── models                # Models folder.
│   │ ├── pages                 # Page-like Components.
│   │ ├── redux                 # Redux related code aka data layer of the app.
│   │ │   ├── middlewares       # Redux middlewares.     
│   │ │   ├── modules           # Redux modules.     
│   │ │   ├── configureStore.ts # Redux store, contains global app state.
│   │ │   ├── IStore.ts         # Store shape.
│   │ │   └── rootReducer.ts    # Main reducers file to combine them.    
│   │ ├── routes                # Routes.
│   │ ├── sagas                 # Saga files.
│   │ └── selectors             # Redux selectors.
│   ├── vendor                  # Dealing with resources
│   ├── client.tsx              # Entry point for client side rendering.
│   ├── favicon.ico             # Favicon
│   ├── index.html              # html file for client side rendering
│   └── server.tsx              # Entry point for server side rendering.
├── translations                # For json translations.
├── .dockerignore               # Tells docker which files to ignore.
├── .editorconfig               # Configuration for editors.
├── .gitignore                  # Tells git which files to ignore.
├── .travis.yml                 # Travis file.
├── Dockerfile                  # Dockerfile.
├── LICENSE                     # License file
├── package.json                # Package configuration.
├── package-lock.json           # Package lock
├── README.md                   # This file
├── styleguide.config.js        # Config for doc
├── tsconfig.json               # TypeScript transpiler configuration.
└── tslint.json                 # Configures tslint.
```

## Installation

You can clone from this repository and use master

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/crazyfactory/ts-react-boilerplate
$ cd ts-react-boilerplate
$ npm install
```

## Usage

All commands defaults to development environment. You can set `NODE_ENV` to `production` or use the shortcuts below.

```bash
# Running

$ npm start # This starts the app in development mode

# Starting it with the production build
$ NODE_ENV=production npm start # or
$ npm run start:prod

# Building 

$ npm build # This builds the app in development mode

# Commands below builds the production build
$ NODE_ENV=production npm build # or
$ npm run build:prod

# Testing
$ npm test

# Too see doc, run this command, and go to localhost:6060. Any component that has .md file with the same name will be
# doc-generated.
$ npm run doc
```

For Windows users, we recommend using the shortcuts instead of setting environment variables because they work a little
different on Windows.

#### Sentry
Create main.local.js in config folder and export an object that has `sentry` key like so:
```
module.exports = {
  sentry: {
    dsn: YOUR_DSN,
    release: YOUR_RELEASE_VERSION
  }
  
  // other configs
  ...
}
```

## Credits

This boilerplate is based on [Vortigern](https://github.com/barbar/vortigern) and is heavily updated.
This boilerplate is released under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

___

## [Crazy Factory](https://www.crazy-factory.com/en-US/)

Crazy factory is an online shop which manufactures piercings, jewellery, mobile covers, etc. **All at factory prices!**

You can contact us at [dev@crazy-factory.com](mailto:dev@crazy-factory.com)

Be sure to check out available [jobs at Crazy](http://stackoverflow.com/jobs/companies/Crazy-Factory).

Commit message:

chore(project): add archival notice

README.md, after:

# Archival notice:
A while ago, this project provided a lot of benefits. Having TypeScript + SSR with saga meant any project who started with this boilerplate would be maintainable, and everything was discoverable and with good developer experience.

Now time has come to say good bye. NextJS does everything this project does and more. It's also maintained by brilliant engineers at vercel, it doesn't make sense for us to keep this project open and not being able to maintain it. Hence we're archiving this project in favor of NextJS.

# ts-react-boilerplate

##### Based on [Vortigern](https://github.com/barbar/vortigern)

[![TypeScript](./.github/typescript.png)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![React](./.github/react.png)](https://github.com/facebook/react)
[![Redux](./.github/redux.png)](https://github.com/reactjs/redux)

## Libraries
This boilerplate uses the following libraries and tools:

#### Core
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [React](https://github.com/facebook/react) & [React DOM](https://github.com/facebook/react) for views.
- [Router5](https://github.com/router5) handles in-app routing.
- [Redux](https://github.com/reactjs/redux) manages application state.
- [React Redux](https://github.com/reactjs/react-redux) to use React-Redux bindings.
- [React Router5](https://github.com/router5) & [Redux-Router5](https://github.com/router5) integrate router5 with react
and redux.

#### Utilities
- [Reselect](https://github.com/reduxjs/reselect/) computes derived data, allowing Redux to store the minimal possible
state.
- [Redux Saga](https://github.com/redux-saga/redux-saga) makes side effects (i.e. asynchronous things like data fetching
and impure things like accessing the browser cache) in React/Redux applications easier and better.
- [Isomorphic Fetch](https://github.com/matthew-andrews/isomorphic-fetch) with
[ES6-Promise](https://github.com/stefanpenner/es6-promise) for using fetch api on both client & server side.
- [React Helmet](https://github.com/nfl/react-helmet)
- [Sentry Browser](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript) captures exceptions during run time.
- [TypeStyle](https://github.com/typestyle/typestyle) makes css typesafe.

#### Build System
- [Webpack](https://github.com/webpack/webpack) for bundling.
  - [TS Loader](https://github.com/TypeStrong/ts-loader) as ts loader.
  - [React Hot Loader](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader) provides hot reload capability to our development
  server
  - [File Loader](https://github.com/webpack/file-loader)
  - [URL Loader](https://github.com/webpack/url-loader)
  - [Manifest Plugin](https://github.com/danethurber/webpack-manifest-plugin)
  - [TS Lint Loader](https://github.com/wbuchwalter/tslint-loader) for using tslint as preloader on build process.

#### Dev & Prod Server
- [Webpack Dev Middleware](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-middleware)
- [Webpack Hot Middleware](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-hot-middleware)
- [Express](https://github.com/expressjs/express) for running server both on client and server side.
- [Serve Favicon](https://github.com/expressjs/serve-favicon) for serving favicon.

#### Developer Experience
- [ESLint](https://github.com/eslint/eslint) for linting.
- [Typescript ESLint](https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint) enables ESLint to support TypeScript.
- [Redux Logger](https://github.com/theaqua/redux-logger)
- [Redux DevTools](https://github.com/gaearon/redux-devtools)
- [Chalk](https://github.com/chalk/chalk) for colored terminal logs.

#### Testing
- [Jest](https://github.com/facebook/jest) as test runner.
- [TS Jest](https://github.com/kulshekhar/ts-jest) as Jest preprocessor
- [Enzyme](https://github.com/airbnb/enzyme) for rendering React Components.
- [Jest Enzyme](https://github.com/blainekasten/enzyme-matchers) for asserting React Components.

#### Doc
- [Storybook](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook) - UI component dev & test: React and more.

## Directory Structure
```bash
.
├── build                       # Built, ready to serve app.
├── config                      # Root folder for configurations.
│   ├── types                   # Global type definitions, written by us.
│   ├── utils                   # Utils for config.
│   ├── webpack                 # Webpack configurations.
│   ├── index.js                # Combines main.js and main.local.js
│   ├── main.js                 # Default App configurations.
│   └── main.local.js           # Local App configurations.
├── node_modules                # Node Packages.
├── src                         # Source code.
│   ├── app                     # App folder.
│   │ ├── components            # Unconnected Components.
│   │ ├── constants             # Constants that are used throughout project like Color and FontSize
│   │ ├── containers            # Redux-Connected Components.
│   │ ├── helpers               # Helper Functions.
│   │ ├── images                # Images folder.
│   │ ├── models                # Models folder.
│   │ ├── pages                 # Page-like Components.
│   │ ├── redux                 # Redux related code aka data layer of the app.
│   │ │   ├── middlewares       # Redux middlewares.     
│   │ │   ├── modules           # Redux modules.     
│   │ │   ├── configureStore.ts # Redux store, contains global app state.
│   │ │   ├── IStore.ts         # Store shape.
│   │ │   └── rootReducer.ts    # Main reducers file to combine them.    
│   │ ├── routes                # Routes.
│   │ ├── sagas                 # Saga files.
│   │ └── selectors             # Redux selectors.
│   ├── vendor                  # Dealing with resources
│   ├── client.tsx              # Entry point for client side rendering.
│   ├── favicon.ico             # Favicon
│   ├── index.html              # html file for client side rendering
│   └── server.tsx              # Entry point for server side rendering.
├── translations                # For json translations.
├── .dockerignore               # Tells docker which files to ignore.
├── .editorconfig               # Configuration for editors.
├── .gitignore                  # Tells git which files to ignore.
├── .travis.yml                 # Travis file.
├── Dockerfile                  # Dockerfile.
├── LICENSE                     # License file
├── package.json                # Package configuration.
├── package-lock.json           # Package lock
├── README.md                   # This file
├── styleguide.config.js        # Config for doc
├── tsconfig.json               # TypeScript transpiler configuration.
└── tslint.json                 # Configures tslint.
```

## Installation

You can clone from this repository and use master

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/crazyfactory/ts-react-boilerplate
$ cd ts-react-boilerplate
$ npm install
```

## Usage

All commands defaults to development environment. You can set `NODE_ENV` to `production` or use the shortcuts below.

```bash
# Running

$ npm start # This starts the app in development mode

# Starting it with the production build
$ NODE_ENV=production npm start # or
$ npm run start:prod

# Building 

$ npm build # This builds the app in development mode

# Commands below builds the production build
$ NODE_ENV=production npm build # or
$ npm run build:prod

# Testing
$ npm test

# Too see doc, run this command, and go to localhost:6060. Any component that has .md file with the same name will be
# doc-generated.
$ npm run doc
```

For Windows users, we recommend using the shortcuts instead of setting environment variables because they work a little
different on Windows.

#### Sentry
Create main.local.js in config folder and export an object that has `sentry` key like so:
```
module.exports = {
  sentry: {
    dsn: YOUR_DSN,
    release: YOUR_RELEASE_VERSION
  }
  
  // other configs
  ...
}
```

## Credits

This boilerplate is based on [Vortigern](https://github.com/barbar/vortigern) and is heavily updated.
This boilerplate is released under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

___

## [Crazy Factory](https://www.crazy-factory.com/en-US/)

Crazy factory is an online shop which manufactures piercings, jewellery, mobile covers, etc. **All at factory prices!**

You can contact us at [dev@crazy-factory.com](mailto:dev@crazy-factory.com)

Be sure to check out available [jobs at Crazy](http://stackoverflow.com/jobs/companies/Crazy-Factory).
